[Music]
is it napoleon solo
is it ilya kuryakin
[Music]
is it one of these
one of our spies is missing
from the hit television program the man
from uncle
[Music]
starring robert vaughn as secret agent
solo david mccollum azilia koryakin
also starring leo g carroll as alexander
waverly
and guest stars maurice evans there's a
great thing you've discovered
the dream of the ages realized of
fountain of use
an elder yvonne craig special guest
star veera miles the not to be missed
man from uncle spy adventure series
blazes an exciting new trail into
bizarre
baffling mystery a trail that leads from
london to paris to hong kong
and back again to a swank model salon in
mayfair
this is private property sir and you're
trespassing
good day sir
can the men from uncle keep the agents
of thrush from stealing the secret of
eternal life
here is your open sesame to wild
adventure
hair breath escapes
girls excitement deadly intrigue
breathless suspense girls
thank you